"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.\" - Albert Schweitzer",
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do.\" - Steve Jobs",
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.\" - Eleanor Roosevelt",
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.\" - Albert Einstein",
"Believe you can and you're halfway there.\" - Theodore Roosevelt",
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.\" - Sam Levenson",
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.\" - Confucius",
"The best way to predict the future is to create it.\" - Peter Drucker",
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.\" - Steve Jobs",
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.\" - Franklin D. Roosevelt",
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.\" – Arthur Ashe",
"I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.\" – Thomas Jefferson",
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.\" – Joshua J. Marine",
"The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.\" – Harry Golden",
"Alone we can do so little. Together we can do so much.\" – Helen Keller",
"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.\" – Henry Ford",
"How wonderful it is that nobody needs wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.\" — Anne Frank",
"The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.\" – Tony Robbins",
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.\" – African Proverb",
"A diamond is a piece of coal that stuck to the job.\" – Michael Larsen",
"It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn’t matter who gets the credit.\" – Harry S. Truman",
"You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.\" – Maya Angelou",
"Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you.\" – Stephen Covey",
"A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.\" – Colin Powell",
"No great achiever – even those who made it seem easy – ever succeeded without hard work.\" – Jonathan Sack",
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.\" – Walt Disney Company",
"All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.\" – Calvin Coolidge",
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.\" – Beverly Sills",
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.\" – Vidal Sassoon",
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.\" – Aristotle",
"A boat doesn’t go forward if each one is rowing their own way.\" – Proverb",
"If you can’t fly, then run; if you can’t run, then walk; if you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.\" – Martin Luther King Jr.",
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.\" – Florence Nightingale",
"We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.\" – Maya Angelou",
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.\" – Steve Jobs",
"If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level that you say you do, there’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there.\" – Joyce Chapman",
"Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.\" — Jamie Paolinetti"
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”― Martin Luther King Jr.
“Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.” – Francesca Reigler
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” – Lau Tzu
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” – Flavia Weedn
“When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot, and hang on.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.” – Viktor Frankl
“If you are not making mistakes, then you are not making decisions.” – Catherine Cook
“Don’t just count your years. Make your years count.” – George Meredith
“Wisdom doesn’t necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself.” – Tom Wilson
“You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.” – Ogden Nash
“Keep your face always towards the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.” –Walt Whitman
“Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.” –George S. Patton Jr.
“There are two great days in a person’s life — the day we are born, and the day we discover why.” – William Barclay
“Refuse failure. No matter how difficult the obstacles, find a way to get around them.” – J.J. Goldwag
“The elevator to success is out of order. You will have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” – Joe Girard
“If you live long enough, you will make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you will be a better person. It’s how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.” – Bill Clinton
“All the world is a birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.” – George Harrison
“If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you.” – Steven Wright
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.” – Amit Kalantri
“Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.” – Sammy Hagar
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.” – Michael Jordan
“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I — I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.” – Robert Frost
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” — Charles R. Swindoll
“The way I see it, you should live everyday like it’s your birthday.” — Paris Hilton
“Change your thoughts, and you change your world.”— Norman Vincent Peale
“Success is a journey not a destination.” — Ben Sweetland
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” — Zig Ziglar
“Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.” — W. Clement Stone
“Success only comes to those who dare to attempt.” — Mallika Tripathi
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” ― Les Brown
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estée Lauder